The Great Dane looked more like a horse than a dog.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
The body piercing didn't go exactly as he expected.
They improved dramatically once the lead singer left.
It was the scarcity that fueled his creativity.
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
Charles ate the french fries knowing they would be his last meal.
He decided to count all the sand on the beach as a hobby.
Last Friday I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
It's a skateboarding penguin with a sunhat!
The skeleton had skeletons of his own in the closet.
When I cook spaghetti, I like to boil it a few minutes past al dente so the noodles are super slippery.
That is an appealing treasure map that I can't read.
There are over 500 starfish in the bathroom drawer.
Lucifer was surprised at the amount of life at Death Valley.
He waited for the stop sign to turn to a go sign.
He excelled at firing people nicely.
They throw cabbage that turns your brain into emotional baggage.
There was coal in his stocking and he was thrilled.
The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.
They desperately needed another drummer since the current one only knew how to play bongos.
He fumbled in the darkness looking for the light switch, but when he finally found it there was someone already there.
He strives to keep the best lawn in the neighborhood.
It was the first time he had ever seen someone cook dinner on an elephant.
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
He enjoys practicing his ballet in the bathroom.
He found a leprechaun in his walnut shell.
There have been days when I wished to be separated from my body, but today wasn’t one of those days.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
Patricia loves the sound of nails strongly pressed against the chalkboard.
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.
Everyone pretends to like wheat until you mention barley.
I don’t respect anybody who can’t tell the difference between Pepsi and Coke.
The virus had powers none of us knew existed.
Blue sounded too cold at the time and yet it seemed to work for gin.
I was offended by the suggestion that my baby brother was a jewel thief.
He liked to play with words in the bathtub.
The white water rafting trip was suddenly halted by the unexpected brick wall.
Shingle color was not something the couple had ever talked about.
My uncle's favorite pastime was building cars out of noodles.
The door swung open to reveal pink giraffes and red elephants.
As he entered the church he could hear the soft voice of someone whispering into a cell phone.
Toddlers feeding raccoons surprised even the seasoned park ranger.
Their argument could be heard across the parking lot.
We're careful about orange ping pong balls because people might think they're fruit.
Edith could decide if she should paint her teeth or brush her nails.
She used her own hair in the soup to give it more flavor.
Imagine his surprise when he discovered that the safe was full of pudding.
They wandered into a strange Tiki bar on the edge of the small beach town.
Martha came to the conclusion that shake weights are a great gift for any occasion.
On a scale from one to ten, what's your favorite flavor of random grammar?
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.
Patricia loves the sound of nails strongly pressed against the chalkboard.
Sometimes you have to just give up and win by cheating.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
The tears of a clown make my lipstick run, but my shower cap is still intact.
Combines are no longer just for farms.
Shingle color was not something the couple had ever talked about.
It took me too long to realize that the ceiling hadn't been painted to look like the sky.
The elephant didn't want to talk about the person in the room.
Please tell me you don't work in a morgue.
Hang on, my kittens are scratching at the bathtub and they'll upset by the lack of biscuits.
Twin 4-month-olds slept in the shade of the palm tree while the mother tanned in the sun.
All they could see was the blue water surrounding their sailboat.
I never knew what hardship looked like until it started raining bowling balls.
He decided water-skiing on a frozen lake wasn’t a good idea.
He had accidentally hacked into his company's server.
It was obvious she was hot, sweaty, and tired.
He colored deep space a soft yellow.
Red is greener than purple, for sure.
We need to rent a room for our party.
I like to leave work after my eight-hour tea-break.
The lake is a long way from here.
When she didn’t like a guy who was trying to pick her up, she started using sign language.
Everybody should read Chaucer to improve their everyday vocabulary.
Last Friday I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
Mary plays the piano.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
She wondered what his eyes were saying beneath his mirrored sunglasses.
Nothing is as cautiously cuddly as a pet porcupine.
You bite up because of your lower jaw.
The delicious aroma from the kitchen was ruined by cigarette smoke.
He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny.
I liked their first two albums but changed my mind after that charity gig.
She is never happy until she finds something to be unhappy about; then, she is overjoyed.
Excitement replaced fear until the final moment.
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
The light that burns twice as bright burns half as long.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
Douglas figured the best way to succeed was to do the opposite of what he'd been doing all his life.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
Strawberries must be the one food that doesn't go well with this brand of paint.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
The old apple revels in its authority.
At that moment he wasn't listening to music, he was living an experience.
He hated that he loved what she hated about hate.
He excelled at firing people nicely.
It would have been a better night if the guys next to us weren't in the splash zone.